# RoomDeliveryService

The following needs to be implemented

Room  Delivery  Service  of  Tea/Snacks: Suppose  the  tea  stall  of  IITG  Core-II  is  planning  for “room delivery” service for the CSE, EEE, and DD faculty members and students. Implementthe system keepingthe following aspectsin mind.a.A  person  can  order  tea,  coffee,  cookies, snacks  etc.,  from  alist  of  items  online mentioning her/his lab/room. Secure „log-in‟ is required. b.Availability  and  expected  time  for  delivery  will  be  shown  instantly  after  the  order  is placed.c.Assume thati.Tea/coffee should never be unavailable.ii.Time required to prepare a cup of tea/coffee is 1 minute.iii.Time required to deliver the order is 2 minutes.iv.Stockof  cookies, snacks,  packaged  food  etc.    is limited    (e.g.,    100    packets).  When stock  reaches  its  minimum  threshold  value  (e.g.,  10),  that  item  should be enlisted to the purchase list to maintain the stock.v.Multiple customers can place order at the same time.vi.All the items for a particular order should be delivered together.vii.Order should be delivered in FCFS manner.viii.For the time being, it is not requiredto think about the actual payment process for the orders.d.An  invoice  should  be  generated  mentioning  the  order  details  with  price.  Name  of  the customer and their id number should also be there in the invoice.e.The owner of the stall can view the queue of orders, so that accordingly s/he can ask his workers to deliver the item in time.f.A sales list should be prepared with date, name of the customer, item, rate, quantity, and price.  The  total  amount  of sales  (daily,  monthly  and  for  a  particular  period)  should also be prepared.
g.The owner can view the purchase list anytime. After purchasing the items s/he can update the amount for the list of available items. S/he can also add new items in the list. Secure „log-in‟ is required.
